Hi Sveta, 
I just wanted to personally say a huge THANK YOU for an amazing evening. 
I was looking forward to it but it was even better than I expected and I know from the comments I’ve overheard just how much our beneficiaries loved it too. 
These sessions are so important to really create a calm environment for the people we work with to focus on themselves even if only for a couple of hours.
- Val Forsee, Co-founder of DAFS, Drug and Alcohol Family Support

Hi Sveta,
The guys had an amazing time!
Lovely to see them so engaged with the activity and each other!
It was a real team effort and the end result was fantastic!
Thankyou so much for all your time and enthusiasm the guys really appreciated it.
- Helen Robins, Senior Support Worker, MacIntyre Charity

String art team building workshop,
Sveta has recently supported BOOM! with a project for our SOBI client.
The project was to create 7 string art templates that would allow the client teams to recreate their new brand imagery in string art. She supported with scoping the project, created a prototype to ensure it looked great – it did, developed instructions for how the teams should work together to create their boards and supplied all the materials needed on the day.
Throughout the process Sveta was easy to work with, responsive and helpful, highlighting challenges and offering solutions to make the day run well. Budgets did not run over, and she appreciated the need for imagery to remain confidential given our industry.
I would highly recommend her for similar projects as we have a happy client whose team enjoyed the activity and the end results.
- Kim, Creative director, BOOM!

Hi Sveta, happy new year to you 2 - yeah my dad was over the moon with it -  yeah the picture was brillant if i ever need another string art picture i will come back to you thanks
- Joe, Scotland

Loved working with Sveta Sangani on a visual representation of ‘Hold onto Yourself’, my keynote and book title. 
It was such a relaxing experience, feeling in the moment of what I was doing to create the string art and feeling so proud of what we created together! 
Thank you so much Sveta Sangani 👏🏻
Sveta does workshops and 1-2-1s in the community and I can highly recommend working with UntangleMyStringArt. Anyone can do it and Sveta is the best teacher, so calm and knowledgable! 🙏🏻
- Mandy Legg, Motivational Speaker and Author of 'Hold onto Yourself', Former Mayoress of Milton Keynes

I met Sveta at a local community event where I saw her crafts. She took the time to show me a few of her past pieces along with telling me about their associated back stories. I commissioned a string and feather piece from a few pictures I provided. The process of agreeing the design was straightforward as I think she found that right balance between my wishes and her creative value added.
Sveta kept me informed of her progress along the way sharing some insights to positively manage my patience.
Following delivery of the piece, which surpassed my expectations, she went the extra mile of taking care of the framing for me via a trusted tradesmen with good value for money. We quickly agreed on the frame design, material and colour to match the art piece.
A week later Sveta delivered the stunning framed piece and it's looking great in my lounge.
I really enjoyed the journey to getting my 80x95cm Pegasus piece and would gladly recommend Sveta for her caring professionalism and attention to details. Well worth the price tag according to my sisters!
- Fred, Milton Keynes